I said earlier that you were here to investigate the village
No, that's it. That's it.
Now that you know
Can you walk back?
Where are you going?
What else do you want?
You can't come in with us, can you?
Why can't I?
What happened to the brothel?
It doesn't say women are not allowed in
Just let's go
Hmm, not good.
If they go in
If you find me
I used to sneak around brothels without telling them
Absolutely must die
You can't go in there
Why?
I am your brother
If I say you can't enter, you can't enter
That is.
Otherwise, I'll go back and tell my mother
The big deal is that we will perish together, second brother, you
Well, good brother is reliable
You are wrong with me
What's wrong with me?
Don't talk nonsense
When we showed up just now
Although you look flustered
But I'm calm
Until just now we said we were going in
You suddenly panic
Eyes are erratic
And he was incoherent.
Say did you come here behind my back?